## June 2026

### 1. Learning Git basics

From June 15 to June 23.

What is a:
- ```repository```
- ```branch```
- ```commit```
- ```pull```
- ```push```

Then as action items:
- How to create a ```repository```
- Create your first ```branch```
- Do your first ```commit```
- Do your first ```push```

You can use Github to create your repository.

June 22: ```Lightning Talk``` about Git, 5 minutes to explain content above. ✅

<a id="git-feedback"></a>
<details>
  <summary>📫 Presentation Feedback</summary>
  <br />


  Overall, you did a great presentation, just need to do more dry-runs to not forget the content, you misconfused first and second slide(why versus how), this can be improved doing more dry-run presentations, the time control was very good, you talked clearly and showed that you learned not only memorized the content/subject, as a first presentation, you did very well.

  Good:
  - Explanation and speaking
  - Nice presentation slides
  - Slides content was well distribuited
  - Very good time control
  
  To Improve:
  - Add a little more content(text or bullet points)
  - More dry-runs to keep the content in mind
  - Be a little deeper in the subject

  Overall score: 9/10
</details>

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 2. Learning HTML Basics
From June 24 to June 30.

What is a:
- ```elements``` - head, body, div, span, p, img, table(thead, tbody, tr, td, th), form, button(type="submit" versus type="button" versus type="reset")
- ```properties``` - all elements have properties like style, class, id, url, src, href
- ```semantics``` - when to use a span, when to use div and other elements, and their differences
- ```style``` - inline CSS using ```<style>``` element
- ```script``` - inline Javascript definition using ```<script>``` tag and calling a function from a HTML button

June 30: ```Lightning Talk``` about HTML, 5 minutes to explain content above.

<details>
  <summary>📫 Presentation Feedback</summary>
  <br />

  You did it great, need to take care of the time control next time, you used 6 minutes and 10 seconds in total, should be 5 minutes. Also, when you plan to show something you need to use less words and be more assertive, instead of "I will show something that I think that will make sense" you can say "I will show something to illustrate", be careful with complex words, specially when you need to deal with nervousness.

  Good:
  - Content is good
  - Design is very nice(try to not focus a lot on it next presentation)
  - You used simple example to compare HTML

  To Improve:
  - Time control - You used 1 minute and 10 seconds over your 5 minutes
  - More dry-runs - At least 10 before presentation
  - You need to go deeper - Not add more content but talk about the things that happen behind the scenes, for example, HTML goes to the browser, than browser paints it, generates a DOM tree, adds styles, adds Javascript and FINALLY render. Not only "Browser receives HTML and render it" its shallow and you are not going deep in the core concepts.

  Overall score: 7/10
</details>

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
